hail this is less than 15 getting good
in Smash Bros 4 smash basics and
techniques so I usually never speak with
the positive tolling this unless i'm
streaming mean there's something good
with 14 lessons done I feel that those
lessons are enough get your win right up
and start learning on your own I will
definitely keep going with this series I
like new push to try and discover things
at this point now enough of the news I'm
just gonna explain a few things player
note as they attempt to get better takes
place in question also I will just show
footage of a match as I speak it uh
nothing really interesting the show the
number one way to get good I pretty much
everything is practice practice is very
stressful for those who don't have the
patience and I understand it can be
pretty painful but it is a key element
on perfecting your skills I won't just
leave you on practicing I'll expand on
what you can do I'll first learn your
character have an idea of what your
character is capable of and see what
moves would pull it in battle and
experiment with your fighter when I see
a new players decide on what they should
use in battle it tends to be a spin will
attack so be wise to know that you
should not be reliant on one move and I
explained in another lesson draw your
character after and see if that
characters are fit for you if you love a
character but the general playstyle
doesn't fit you that's all right for
example I can manipulate a fire to fit
my place zones so it makes me less
predictable if I perfected just try to
be wise it can use your fire put your
own take on them or you might not be
happy with the outcome if you are a
player who struggles and even being CPUs
and that's all right we all been there
before I recommend trying to change the
partner of course turn off team attack
not only do you enjoy getting better
with someone else if you also get
comfortable with getting better and you
can have a good training partner as well
also speaking of partners it's good to
have a training partner as online most
don't provide platform stages and leg is
as much of a huge factor it's even
better if you and your partner have
similar skill level as will be easier to
learn now move on to some things you
should know as you get better when you
lose a match don't be discouraged and
try your best to challenge the pone
again and low if they do smash is a game
where you have to adapt even if you're
forcing your phones to adapt as well and
tears are nothing I would look at yours
it got a general idea on what fires are
doing better than others but if you can
use the options of 5 provides and learn
you can be comfortable I'm facing
multiple fighters I want to talk any
longer but I'll take a break for
uploading anymore tell all you guys to
learn from your own experience happy
Smashing and see you for chapter 10 or
smash basics on with you